summary
"During the holidays, a woman with amnesia catches a ride with her handsome nurse to investigate the only clue to her identity."
"Two music managers must put their history aside to oversee the televised reunion performances of their rock star fathers with a fractured past."
"Follows the story of Clara, who wishes she had more time with her late grandfather at Christmas. Her holiday wish seems to come true as she comes across his journal and looks back on her time with him."
"Meg wants to save her neighborhood from getting demolished. She then discovers that Nate has other plans. Can she turn Nate's heart toward Christmas?"
"This holiday romance is based on the incredible story about organ donor Chris Dempsey and recipient Heather Krueger, who were brought into one another's lives by a transplant surgery that led to a miraculous romance."
"Brought together by community service, Eric and Joy find new purpose at Christmas. As they help a family rebuild their home, coincidences and a medical miracle lead them to believe in destiny."
"A Hallmark Movies & Mysteries original movie. When strangers Cara & Heath find themselves stranded before Christmas, they embark on an unexpected journey that may give each of them the miracles they've been hoping for and a chance at love."
"Violinist Beth returns home after the recent death of her mother and tutors the daughter of a reclusive country music star to prepare her for the upcoming holiday concert."
"A woman whose fiancé is killed during the Christmas season gets to know the carpenter she hired to finish their new home so she can sell it. Meanwhile, a text she sent to her fiancé's old number pouring out her grief is answered."
"When a family faces loneliness and loss of faith, Mrs. Miracle swoops in to renew their Christmas Spirit, and they experience a holiday of heavenly proportions."
"Five guests are mysteriously invited to an inn to celebrate Christmas. With the help of the owner Ben, Sarah discovers that an event from the past may connect them and change their lives forever."
"Corey who works in her mom's antique shop, puts on a Christmas pageant in honor of her late father. When a man named Ryder visits her store, she wonders if she should have left town to follow her dream of becoming a theater director."
"As Christmas nears, heiress Jessica Morgan seizes what seems like her last chance to experience a relaxed Christmas and heads off to the small town of Glenbrooke, where she meets a handsome fireman."
"Jackie Foster (Suvari), is a dynamic Assistant District Attorney and single mom. But when Jackie's estranged dad, Jack (Brolin), a gruff retired police officer, unexpectedly shows up at her door, they will be forced to confront old wounds."
"Country music's latest 'It Girl,' Adelaide Kay, has a hit single and is linked with a hot star. She should be overjoyed, but dislikes pretending she's in love. Even worse, her manager doesn't want her to write her own songs anymore."
"A Christmas-tree lot helps two people rediscover their holiday spirit."
"For years Lucy has played Santa in her small-town community. As she grants a little girl's wish for a 'Christmas like it used to be,' she unexpectedly finds her own wishes coming true."
"A WWII era nurse is transported in time to 2016 and meets a man who helps her discover the bonds of family and that the true meaning of Christmas is timeless."
"A jewelry designer finds a charm bracelet and teams up with a magazine reporter to locate its rightful owner by Christmas Eve."
"A book editor must work with a former rival to help a potential writer find her way. He reminds all of them about the Christmas spirit and the value of community."
"After 15 years, a single father moves home from Hawaii with his two sons, and through a series of coincidences--or Godwinks--ends up stuck in traffic next to his high school sweetheart."
"Ella Dashwood (Erin Krakow) and her sister Marianne (Kimberley Sustad) are huge Christmas enthusiasts and own a party-planning business. One of their new clients is a toy company and they don't see eye-to-eye with Edward Ferris (Luke Macfarlane), the company's C.E.O."
"A high-flying female novelist from New York takes a trip to the small town that inspired her latest best-seller."
"A recent widow travels with her son to her Virginia hometown for Christmas. On the way they meet a man who is heading to the same destination. As they continue to spend time together, the pair grows closer."
"A woman who accepts her boyfriend's marriage proposal is invited to her aunt's home for Christmas and develops romantic feelings for an inn owner."
"A contractor helps a woman renovate a house so she can adopt a sick neighbor's two children."
"With Christmas approaching, a career-focused Chicago app developer returns to her small hometown to rediscover the meaning of Christmas. There she reunites with her estranged uncle and her childhood best friend, who she begins falling for."
"Before the holidays, Sara goes to Montana to help a man save his ranch."
"A harsh TV personality needs a break from her own life, so she hops into a car and drives to a small town mountain retreat. On her way there, a blizzard veers her off the road and she crashes. When she comes to, she has complete amnesia and a friendly passerby takes her in."
"Tom is called Mr. Christmas due to his ability to determine the perfect Christmas gift for someone, befitting their personality."
"When a mysterious key and a holiday riddle arrive on their doorsteps, Kate and Kevin embark on a Christmas romance adventure they'll never forget."
"When an accident puts her music dreams on hold, a gifted violinist reconnects with an old family friend who helps her heal and find love during the holidays."
"A young self-help author returns to her hometown during the Christmas holidays to promote her new book. She soon discovers the true meaning of Christmas and family."
"When her boss steals her idea for their magazine's cover story, Emma searches for a Christmas miracle to write about with the help of her son and the handsome staff photographer."
"The plot revolves around a woman (Egan) and a soldier (Blucas) who exchange letters for a year before their worlds collide."
"After receiving an honorable discharge, a former Marine suffers a minor car accident which strands her in a small town for the Christmas season."
"Divorced Sydney inherits a house from her grandma. Seeing it with her 8 y.o. daughter, she stops at the bookstore and meets a single teacher there. She ends up helping out there for the Christmas season."
"An antique seller and a cleaner clash over how to downsize a magnificent estate right before Christmas. As the two uncover the house's treasures, they find a way to reconnect the reclusive owner with his own Christmases past"
"Raised by her mother, but orphaned at a young age at Christmas, Miranda finds a clue that will take her to the truth about her father. Along the way, she finds romance and rekindles her Christmas spirit."
"Stranded at an airport at Christmastime, Ashley Harrison accepts a ride from Dash Sutherland, who has just rented the last car in town. As the pair heads north, their adventures include car trouble, adopting a puppy and being secretly tailed by federal agents, who believe Ashley is up to no good. With a hint of romance gradually filling the air will these two fall in love or will their journey bring about an unexpected road bump to romance?"
"After moving into a new house, a woman befriends her next-door neighbor and helps her track down a mystery sibling she never knew she had."
"Maddie, a reporter for a Norfolk newspaper, embarks on a Tiger Cruise during Christmastime where she meets a handsome naval officer and stumbles upon a mystery in the ship's archive room"
"A young widow's daughter is given a tattered old Christmas stocking at a holiday craft sale, but her mother is skeptical of its magic when it seems to create small trinkets on its own."
"When Jenny (Emilie Ullerop) plans a Christmas retirement party for her beloved hospital supervisor, she butts heads with Matt (Kristoffer Polaha), a new manager determined to cut costs."
"Samantha (Emilie Ullerup) is a free lance photographer. She is on her way to Cape Cod to celebrate her father's Christmas Eve wedding. She enlists the help of an old childhood friend Mike to meet a deadline for a big Christmas spread that could very well ignite her career. Along the way she falls in love and realizes that Christmas is wherever your family is."
"Is it divine intervention/Godwink, coincidences or a meddling mom, when Alice, managing the family clothing store, and Jack, medical sales, keep bumping into each other before Christmas?"
"A separated couple feign marital bliss on national television to help their town's Christmas festival and their business. But what will the future hold for them when rekindled love is complicated by new opportunities."
"An anxious bride-to-be throws in with a broken-hearted guy and a happily married couple for an emergency ride to NYC, learning about each other and themselves along the way."
"Hotel manager Willow returns to her stunning Virginia hometown to help her sister plan a Christmas wedding at the inn her family once owned. She must work with current owner and single dad David, who wants to let go of the past."
"When Miranda Chester set off to find information on her biological father two Christmases ago, she never imagined that her investigation would lead her to both the family she had always longed for and Ian McAndrick - the love of her life."
"A travelling locum doctor finds love and a home at her latest assignment in Willowbrook"
"A young woman begins a long-distance relationship with an active-duty soldier."
"At Christmas time, a close-knit group of childhood friends returns home after 10 years to take part in the celebration of life of their beloved high school teacher."
"A widow of a war hero takes in an injured soldier who has just returned from Afghanistan. Together they help each other heal and find true love."
"Finn Conrad becomes suspicious as to why his father left a nurse, named Willa $100,000, and goes undercover to investigate. When she discovers his true identity, will it keep her from ever trusting him again?"
"Zoey Hathaway (Williams) has been working towards her lifelong goal of being a pilot for years, but everything is thrown off-course when she unexpectedly inherits a reindeer farm, along with the dangerously handsome ranch hand Alec Wynn (Sevier). Now buried in taking care of reindeer and all the Christmas responsibilities, Zoey thinks life has delivered her a strange and cumbersome blow, and she isn't sure about Alec, who has his own ideas how best to run things. Alec, who has never had many people have faith in him, opens up when Zoey invests trust in him, and the two find themselves falling for each other. Could they both find happiness in the most unlikely of circumstances right before Christmas?"
"A struggling actress earns the lead part in the production of 'A Christmas Carol', and falls in love with the director. But, the cast and crew need a Christmas miracle to save the show when the theater loses its lease."
"After her breakup with a famous tech entrepreneur makes national headlines, Sarah returns to her uncle's ranch to escape the spotlight where she crosses paths with a Hollywood actor who's looking to prepare for an upcoming role."
"This Christmas promises to be the best of Miranda Chester's life. She has returned to the beautiful New England town of Carlton Heath, where last year she found love with Ian McAndrick and she is among the family she never knew she had."
"Emma returns home to celebrate Christmas for the last time with her siblings in the house they grew up in. After their parents' recent passing, the siblings reluctantly agree to sell the family home on Honeysuckle Lane."
"Molly meets Josh, a widower who recently moved to town with his young son. At the same time she is charmed by a mysterious client of her bakery whom she's never met in person. In the end, he was the one and the same man."
"When a country music star is accused of plagiarizing her new Christmas song, she returns to her hometown for the holiday season to try and find proof of authorship."
"Lizzie, a young piano teacher, helps Brad's teenage daughter learn music. As she begins to break through to the girl, sparks begin to fly with Brad, but she is shocked to find out that he may want to buy the school's property."
"The Marvin sisters gather for what may be their last Christmas at their childhood home."
"A widow's daughter writes to Santa Claus, asking for her mother to find love again. When a struggling writer receives the letter, he finds new inspiration and the beginnings of a romance."
"Struggling with his work-life balance, a widowed father-of-two enlists the help of a professional organizer for the holiday season."
"Reporter Kendra Adams (Contractor) searches for the love story behind an antique engagement ring with the inscription, 'My Christmas Love 1948.' With the help of Michael (Alpay), the grandson of the ring's owner, they learn the legacy his grandparents left behind as well as the sacrifices they both made for what was most important - love.
"During a prestigious holiday gala, which is an interview for her dream job, a lifestyle guru must prove that she is a romance expert."
"When Amber spends the holidays with her Aunt Dora and helps plan a fund-raising Christmas Concert, it brings Amber closer to her aunt and a new love into her life."
Two sisters and a holiday to remember.
"An anonymous suitor sends optometrist Sara a gift for each night of Hanukkah. On her journey to find her secret admirer, she learns her one true love might be someone she never expected."
"Follows Claire, an aspiring talent booker, as feelings come back between her and her boyfriend after looking for his help to be her big act at her family's hotel and casino, and realize they may need each other more than they remembered."
"Emily works at an ad agency and is sent to her ex's hometown before Christmas. She arrives at the train station as her ex is picked up by his family. They mistakenly think Emily's still an item."
"Zachary and Marilee are thrown back together at Christmas when they're tasked with finding homes for a litter of adorable kittens."
"Exes Lara and Ben compete in a Christmas contest to win money for the charity of their choosing. The city watches them battle and choose what is more important, victory or love."
"Brooke Bennett goes to Ireland for Christmas to search for her Irish roots. While there, she meets Aiden Hart. Mistaken for an elite event planner, she's hired to host his castle's epic Christmas party."
"A prince finds his way to Queens during Christmas when a local woman enlists his help with a children's Christmas show."
"Angie is determined to spend Christmas alone but her usual commuter ride turns into a Christmas train that drops her off in her home town in 2011."
"Ethan is a married father with two teens. He wakes up one morning and is shocked to find he isn't married, he doesn't have kids, and he's CEO of his company. His wife is the key to be able to reclaim his original life and family."
"Two sisters and a holiday adventure."
"A cynical journalist decides to take a train from Washington, D.C. to Los Angeles for Christmas to get inspiration for a story in honor of his late father. He gets to know the other passengers and runs into an old flame while aboard."
"At the invitation of an estranged relative, a young woman travels with her niece and nephew to a castle in Europe for Christmas, where she unwittingly falls for a dashing Prince."
"When Anna offers a stranded mother and son shelter in a blizzard, she learns that they are the Royal Family of Galwick. Anna shows the Prince how they do Christmas in her hometown, encouraging him to open his heart and be true to himself."
"World famous pianist Margot returns to Chateau Neuhaus for Christmas. While there she reunites with her ex-boyfriend Jackson, who convinces her to headline their annual Christmas Concert."
"When Vanessa receives the results from her Family Tree DNA test, she discovers a family she didn't know existed and travels to their home for Christmas."
"After getting fired from her job as a maid at a ritzy New York City hotel, Allie reluctantly accepts a temporary gig as the governess to a young girl who is part of a powerful family in Europe that lives in a castle."
"During the Christmas season, Megan and her father-figure Frank head out on a road trip to find his long-lost love. Will Megan find the love of her life along the way ?"
"After a stray cat adopts Zachary, he meets Marilee and realizes the single life is not as fulfilling as he thought it was."
"A small toy company CEO gets a once in a lifetime offer to merge with a mega toy company but will need her estranged ex-business partner's signature to seal the deal."
"Maya is a freelance attorney who, after a minor setback, has been living in the apartment above her parents' garage and using the Casillas Panadería as her unofficial office for the past couple of years. The Mexican bakery has held a warm spot in her heart ever since she worked there as a teenager alongside her high school crush, Alejandro (Alex) Casillas, the handsome nephew of the owner. When Alex's uncle asks for Maya's help in selling the bakery, Alex decides to return home to celebrate one last Christmas in the bakery and help Maya find a buyer for the bakery, whether or not she actually wants his help."
"Hoping to spur her longtime beau to action, a small-town veterinarian wishes upon a snow globe that this will be her most romantic Christmas ever."
"A workaholic television producer receives a visit from her recently deceased mentor, who warns her that her current path leads to a dark future."
"Maggie and Sam are crashing Christmas. When he proposes that they team up against his sister's perfect Christmas, neither of them are prepared for the blended family challenges that lie ahead."
"Working through some difficult decisions, a mother and father summon their two grown sons home for the holidays."
"A drama that focuses on the period in Mary and Joseph's life where they journeyed to Bethlehem for the birth of Jesus."
"Grace and Tony are from two separate families who are in the business of decorating homes for Christmas. Unfortunately they have also been in feud for as long as anyone can remember. But this holiday season they must try to find a way to get everyone to work together in order to win a town competition that could save their livelihoods. "
"After failing to get the coveted role of the Sugar Plum Fairy in this year's production of The Nutcracker, Vivíana Serrano joins forces with Natalia, to create a surprise reprise of the Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy...with a Latin twist."
"Christina learns of a developer who is planning to tear down the wharf that is home to her toy store. Tensions rise as she falls for the developer's son, Andy."
"The fate of the Coyote Creek Inn and Paige's relationships are both left to the magic of the holiday season to decide."
"When a travel writer shows up unexpectedly at their dad's Bed and Breakfast, the Ralston family all pretend to be guests in hopes of a good review. Lucy (Bethany Joy Lenz) falls for guest Jake (Victor Webster), but can't share her secret."
"An archival historian is hired to create a Christmas display at the Plaza Hotel and is paired with a handsome Christmas decorator to bring it to life."
"When an aspiring surgeon is turned down for a fellowship, she takes a temporary position working as a GP in a small Alaskan town in an effort to boost her résumé."
"Heidi (Osment), who initially left her small town of Pleasant Valley with the dream of one day becoming a successful painter, has put her own art on hold to excel as an art gallery curator. Now, a week before the gallery's big Christmas party, she must return home to watch her niece and nephew. She comes face to face with her high school love, Chris, now a teacher, who is in over his head after he must find a new last-minute location for the Christmas dance. Heidi offers to help him and together they discover a beautiful place for the dance, perfectly capturing the Christmas spirit, called Wonderland Farms. The more time Heidi spends in Pleasant Valley decorating for the Christmas SnowBall, the more she finds herself inspired to start painting again. With Christmas fast approaching, Heidi soon becomes torn between the life she built in the city and the life she is surprisingly charmed by back in Pleasant Valley, embracing her true passion."
"After her life in New York unexpectedly falls apart, powerhouse stockbroker Sam Wallace returns to her small town for the holidays and reconnects with her high school sweetheart who helps reignite her humanitarian spirit just in time to help their community on Christmas."
"When identical twin sisters are stuck planning their respective Christmas parties, they're convinced the grass is greener on the other side. Deciding to swap lives for the holiday."
"Sara Thomas is the type of woman who prefers to sit on the sidelines at work, but when her big idea for a Christmas initiative is stolen, she makes a wish to Santa that she'll finally have the courage to stand up for herself. Santa grants her wish, but only gives her 48 hours. As the clock ticks, Sara will discover how to channel the Christmas magic and speak her mind all on her own."
"Two game creators, both vying for a promotion, must team up to create a Christmas scavenger hunt."
"When her family's beloved eatery, The Starlight Café, is slated for demolition, Annie vows to put a stop to it before Christmas."
"Corey who works in her mom's antique shop, puts on a Christmas pageant in honor of her late father. When a man named Ryder visits her store, she wonders if she should have left town to follow her dream of becoming a theater director."
"Maggie is facing Christmas alone until Lucas become an unexpected house guest."
"On her way to a new job as teacher, Lauren stops in Grandon Falls, where she meets and befriends single handyman Travis, his foster kid and many other locals in the weeks up to Christmas."
"Tanya, a police detective who is partnered with fellow detective Ryan to solve a recent string of heists. They go undercover as newlyweds, moving into the vacant house next to Mr. Miller, the prime suspect in the case."
"Charles Whitley travels from 1903 to 2020 where he meets Megan Turner and experiences a 21st Century Christmas."
"A skeptical writer shows up in Evergreen to get the scoop on the town's famed passion for Christmas during a search for a long-lost time capsule."
"Greta Kaine (Katrina Law) is always in search of juicy gossip. As a gossip-tabloid reporter in Los Angeles, it's her job to expose the rich and famous. So when word gets out that the late Senator Tannenhill's sons might be proposing marriage at their family's Big Bear compound during Christmas, Greta and her chief rival Wes (Tom Lenk) are challenged by their old-school editor to get the scoop. There's incentive to be the first, too: the editorship of the magazine's new online incarnation. Greta's assistant tells her that Wes has a head start to snowy Big Bear, so she dashes to the mountain resort. When she mistakenly ends up as a guest of the family, she's in the middle of what could be her best story yet. However, she discovers that the family, including matriarch Maggie Tannenhill (Patricia Richardson) and caretaker Peters (Robert Curtis Brown) are more down-to-earth than she had assumed. Increasingly guilt-ridden about her game of subterfuge, Greta must decide how far she will go for a story."
"Corporate analyst and single mom, Jen, tackles Christmas with a business-like approach until her uncle arrives with a handsome stranger in tow."
"A high-flying New York event planner is sent to a quaint small town to organize their Christmas festival."
"A woman helps a charming man look after his orphaned nieces and nephew during the holidays."
"Kaleigh is fired as popular column writer by the new editor at The Globe in NYC. She heads to her sister near Tahoe, CA, and helps in her bakery the weeks before Xmas. The single editor shows up - to right a wrong."
"A gift of music transports people back to another time and place where they find their truest feelings."
"A woman dumped by her fiancé a month before her storybook Christmas wedding decides to take the series of ballroom lessons intended for her wedding dance."
"Liz receives a call for help from her father to return home for Christmas and she wants to create a whimsical Christmas celebration."
"A famous MGTOW author is forced to look after his niece and nephew over the holidays and, with the help of his Christmas-loving neighbor, he learns to find love and the Christmas spirit."
"A Chicago-based business executive travels to Memphis to secure one of the city's oldest family-owned banks. While in Memphis, Laurel reunites with an old flame Clay, a local music promoter with loftier aspirations."
"Lisa Palmer's trip home to Evergreen for the holidays finds her fulfilling the wishes of a Christmas Past and finding a romance full of Christmas magic. Stars Jill Wagner and Mark Deklin."
"Jessica gets dumped before Christmas. She sends 5 Christmas cards, affecting her BFF, brother, aunt, pop star, and past music/cello teacher, meeting her single, photographer son."
"When Nicky finds an unopened Christmas card from a high school secret admirer, she and her best friend Simone search to find and thank the anonymous author."
"A youth choir director (Chenoweth) needs to write a big song for the Christmas Eve show but 'finds herself distracted' when a boy with a golden voice (Kevin Quinn) joins her choir, which will come as news to his widowed father (Wolf)."
"Prince Leopold, heir to the throne of Cordinia, wishes to marry his young love Emily Taylor, a humble seamstress from Philadelphia. But Leopold's mother, Queen Isadora has other plans for her son."
"As Michelle's wedding approaches, Hannah steps up to help finish the launch of the new Evergreen museum while questioning her relationship and future with Elliot."
"At Christmas, a cheerful publicist teams up with a cynical VP and his eclectic team to help a charity in need."
"A Hallmark Channel original movie. When architect and Christmas amateur Steven (Jonathan Bennett) finds himself hosting his family for Christmas, he recruits holiday coordinator Gretchen (Alexa PenaVega) to bring holiday joy to his home."
"A jewelry designer finds a charm bracelet and teams up with a magazine reporter to locate its rightful owner by Christmas Eve."
" travel writer takes a Christmas vacation, but finds herself double-booked with a widower, his mother, and his daughter at the holiday site."
"Two squabbling TV hosts are sent to a festive small town over Christmas. While pretending to get along for the sake of appearances, they discover there's more to each other than they thought."
"Noelle's life stopped when her boyfriend broke up with her on Christmas Eve three years ago. A handsome fireman moves in above her. She gets locked in at work in a department store all alone save the ghost of Christmas past."
"Maggie, a single mom has to balance between her career and her son, Jordan. Jordan finds a tutor named Casey to help him at school, and Casey becomes like a father figure. Will the three of them find happiness and love once again?"
"A down-on-her-luck advertising executive becomes the custodian of Santa's famous 'Naughty or Nice' list."
"Jess, a concert violinist whose heart just isn't in it anymore, goes to Vienna for a performance. While there, she finds the inspiration she has been missing, and a new love."
"With two more weeks until Christmas, a busy business man, Marc Rehnquist, hires a struggling artist, Anna Parisi, to help him pick out gifts for his friends and family."
"After a woman's boyfriend breaks up with her right before the holidays, she agrees to go home with an actor who will pose as her boyfriend."
"After inheriting a Christmas tree farm, a woman's plans to sell it change when she falls in love with the townspeople and meets a charming lawyer named Tucker."
"Snowstorm threatens both Lina's and Max's holiday plans. They are forced to work together to figure out a way home - without taking it out on each other."
"A single man tries to win a bet by getting a woman recovering from a broken engagement to marry him by Christmas."
"Alice is set to meet her future in-laws for the first time, but things don't go according to plan."
"Any couple who spends the night in the Christmas cottage shall have love everlasting - Lacey Quinn did not believe in happily ever after or the legend of the Christmas cottage. As maid of honor for her best friend Ava, her duties included decorating the cottage for the newlyweds. It was a simple enough task, but she hadn't counted on sexy Ean Callahan, the bride-to-be's brother, to be assisting her. Spending the evening ensconced in the overly romantic setting while a blizzard howls outside has Lacey wondering if fairy tales really do come true."
"An arborist falls in love with a farmer as she tries to save his trees before the town tree lighting."
"On Christmas Day, Santa brings two lonely people together. But can love overcome deception?"
"An executive examines her company's new property and prepares a presentation to transform the rustic lodge into a new hot spot."
"An interior designer is hired to decorate a lavish mansion over the Christmas season."
"Leading up to Christmas, Lauren is visited by the ghosts of four ex-boyfriends. She must learn to open her heart or risk losing her best friend, Nate."
"Two self-confessed 'Christmasphobes' sign a contract which will mutually benefit them over the holiday season."
"While her life is falling apart, single mom Christine finds a magical family heirloom that leads to love and good fortune during Christmas."
"Wedding planner Jessica Perez travels to a remote town in Alaska to find a rare flower for a celebrity client and is charmed by the small town during Christmas, as well as the handsome local helping her."
"Upon her untimely death, a workaholic who never put much value into the joys of Christmas finds herself recruited to be a Christmas Angel -- and is assigned a hard luck case that she accidentally falls in love with."
"A TV producer is producing a Christmas Special for the 5th year but she is then told to co-produce it with the host's son. Initially, she's not too happy about it but - Christmas brings friends and families together."
"Two busy strangers meet when they help an elderly woman find her lost Christmas savings. Thanks to fate and Christmas magic, they also find something they were both missing: true love."
"As Christina prepares her restaurant for its busiest time of year, she gets her DNA test revealing that she's Jewish. The discovery leads her to a new family and an unlikely romance over eight nights."
"A psychology professor's offered her dream job at Yale incl. her thesis published and is proposed to by her BFF on the same day. She gets a glimpse of her life 3 years in a future where she said yes to the job and no to the BFF's proposal."
"Joy Holbrook is a market researcher about to get a sweet promotion just in time for the holidays. But she receives an urgent phone call from home and rushes back to help her Aunt recover from surgery, reuniting with her former crush, Ben.
"A ghost writer/partner of a travel web site and TV feature arrives in Midway before Christmas to write about it. He falls for The Mistletoe Diner's Aria, as does his tall, handsome partner."
"US soldier visits the town from where an inspirational Christmas card was sent to him by a church group that mails cards out to servicemen as a goodwill effort."
"After a conversation with a man playing Santa Claus during her office Christmas party, a woman wakes up to find herself married to her college sweetheart and two kids and questions her life choices."
"When Lucy wakes up with a wedding dress in hand, she believes that she is late to her wedding with her ex-boyfriend Zach. However, she has no recollection of the past 2 years, including the fact that she is engaged to another man."
"When journalist Julia goes back home to find inspiration, she discovers her childhood friend has built a giant snow maze which prompts her to find her way to true love."
"Anne seems to have it all as a driven toy buyer in New York City, but her father's retirement signaling the closing of the town's beloved toy store brings the city girl back to her small-town roots."
"Julia comes home to spend the holidays with her family running their inn only to get caught up in a longstanding feud with a rival business. To complicate matters, the competition is an irresistible guy called Ryan."
"A corporate agent is sent to a small town to buy a cookie company and shut down its factory. When she starts falling in love with the factory's owner, the town's Christmas spirit over takes her."
"Kylie is expecting a proposal from her boyfriend/boss at a restaurant and gets a promotion instead. The restaurant owner is her old high school boyfriend, she hasn't seen in years. They help each other out. Love in the air?"
"Angela, an American tour guide in Rome, agrees to teach a culture-shocked businessman named Oliver about the heart of Rome at Christmas."
"Lou and Kyle met in the Pine Grove, they both have doubts about their future, but the magic of the holiday season and the connection they have, helps each of their journeys."
"Maggie is thrilled when her long-time crush Mitch moves back to town. When she learns that Mitch's love for Christmas has drastically changed, she tries to bring back his holiday spirit by showing him the magic of Christmas."
"Harmony is tricked into auditioning for the Holiday Chorus- directed by an ex-boyfriend. By Christmas Eve, they could be harmonizing in the key of love."
"Lizzie Richfield lands a job as house manager for the exquisite Ashford Estate in Virginia. While preparing the place for sale, Lizzie plans one final Christmas Eve gala for the Marley family, though they seem to be a family in name only."
"A high-powered marketing executive reconsiders her priorities when car trouble strands her in a small Ohioan town for the Christmas season."
"As Darcy and Aiden prepare to celebrate their second Christmas together, an unexpected guest and a fight to save the beloved community center unites everyone for an unforgettable holiday."
"A photographer returns home to take care of her grandmother and gets involved with helping a neighbor look after his young nephew."
"Rebecca endures working with her colleague and rival Chris to plan the office Christmas party in hopes of getting a promotion. While spending so much time together, will they take their eyes off the prize and see each other anew?"
"Isobel plans a storybook Christmas with her boyfriend, including a cottage in the Northwest and a bucket list of holiday traditions. But when he goes AWOL, the list proves challenging and a tempting new romance turns her life upside down."
"A bridal boutique owner (Rachel Skarsten), who is deep in the flurry of planning an exquisite Christmas wedding, is unexpectedly swept off her feet by the bride's brother (Trevor Donovan)."
"Ellie Hartman, an aspiring crafter working in her small town's bakery shows Nick Carlingson, the new big-city CEO during his visit to the bakery's main floor, that it's people and not machines that make the business a success."
"When a Princess escapes her entourage to explore New York City over Christmas, she meets a young man who shows the beautiful stranger his side of the city."
"Abandoned by her husband a few days before Christmas, Martha Evans travels cross-country with the kids in search of work."
"A hopeless romantic who can't ever seem to give a guy a real chance begins receiving each of the '12 Days of Christmas' as gifts anonymously at her door and begins to believe that the mystery suitor may finally live up to her expectations."
"The Christmas Shepherd is a story about a widow of a veteran, Sally Brown, who is a published children's book author. After her husband dies she is left with just 'Buddy,' his German Shepherd. After a severe storm, Buddy runs off afraid setting in motion a series of events that are sure to unite more than just Buddy and Sally."
"When her niece is cast in The Philadelphia Ballet's production of the Nutcracker, a jaded ex-ballerina is forced to come to terms with the life and love she left behind."
"When journeying by bus to surprise her boyfriend for Christmas, Holly meets a charming cowboy who accompanies her."
"Based on the book by Melissa Hill, Darcy finds romance with a handsome stranger with amnesia."
"Jack (Andrew McCarthy) is an executive in a financial brokerage firm trying to impress the firms president, Drew Clayton (Chris Gillett), in hopes of a promotion. However, Jack is dating the fabulously rich and elegant Demi Clayton (Stephanie Mills), who happens to be Drew's daughter. Although Demi's mother Clarisse (Jane Moffat) doesn't necessarily approve of Jack and would prefer her daughter to date a man within their social circle, Jack still plans on proposing. Trying to create the perfect proposal, Jack signs up for dance lessons in preparation for his proposal to Demi at her father's lavish annual Christmas Dance. But when sparks start to fly between Jack and his dance instructor, Christine (Michelle Nolden), Jack will have to make some important decisions before it is too late."
"Afraid to tell her family she's been dumped, Hillary hires an actor to play her fiancé during a four-day Thanksgiving weekend at her parents' house."
"Molly starts an app for busy people to find a plus-one without the romance of dating sites. An investor wants Molly to test the app, which forces her to join; the man the app selects has already bumped into Molly twice and not pleasantly."
"Harper is in Memphis before Christmas, visiting her sister and family after 3 years working at museums in Europe. Visiting Graceland with her 2 nieces, Harper meets a single dad of 3 kids and is offered a job as nanny temp."
"A king who is struggling to live up to his father's name hires an ice skating choreographer for a special Christmas Eve performance to celebrate the founding of his nation."
"Nicknamed 'Miss Christmas,' the official tree finder for Chicago's renowned Radcliffe Tree lighting is left desperate to find the perfect tree. A letter from a young boy promising his tree is perfect sends her to a small town where she learns the young boy's dad isn't willing to part with his tree. While sparks fly, she'll be forced to confront what she's really been missing for Christmas.
"A special Christmas tree decorated with handwritten wishes helps Evan and his group of orphaned students develop a connection and a sense of family."
"With her California hometown in the rear-view mirror, Belle heads north on business to facilitate the estate sale of a mansion. While the job is a dream, the client, Hunter Lowell, is not. But, as the two spend more time together, his icy demeanor begins to melt. Although their relationship is budding, Belle's long-time suitor, Tony, arrives, sending mixed signals to Hunter while adding chaos to the holiday season."
"A young baker discovers the magic of Christmas and love."
"An attractive pair agrees to be each other's supposed significant other throughout the holidays to keep their meddling families at bay."
"Guardian angel Gabby is sent to Angel Falls to revive the town's forgotten Christmas spirit, and unexpectedly finds love in the process."
"Dr. Sharon Hayes (DeLoach) searches for a beloved family heirloom in a small Christmas town. When she unexpectedly discovers an adorable little girl and her disheartened father (Rady), she realizes that Christmas miracles really do happen"
"No one celebrates the holidays like Emily Merkle - or Mrs. Miracle as she is known by some - who is back to ensure that this Christmas is the most magical and meaningful of all. When Mrs. Miracle appears as a seasonal employee in the toy department at the financially troubled Finley's Department Store, neither the store's owners, nor the customers, have any idea of the events that are about to unfold. Just when it seemed Christmas might not come at all this year, Finley's favorite employee proves they don't call her Mrs. Miracle for nothing!"
"Chelsea inherits a house in Vail. She meets Owen and gets a much needed break. Together, they put on Strudelfest to highlight the charm of Old Vail."
"With the help of his two precocious kids, a widower reconnects with his high school sweetheart, who just happens to be one of the biggest pop stars on the planet."
"Elle's plans for Christmas reunion are thwarted by work. In order to get a career-altering promotion she's forced to team up with advertising campaign 'fixer' Max, who has a completely different take on the Holidays."
"An anxious bride-to-be throws in with a broken-hearted guy and a happily married couple for an emergency ride to NYC, learning about each other and themselves along the way."
"A holiday wedding brings no joy to the bride's cousin, who was literally left by the groom right at the altar. But she might find her true love there when she gains a fake fiancé in the process."
"When Lila is hired by the Royal Family of Ancadia to repair a carousel, she must work with the Prince to complete it by Christmas."
"Hotel manager Willow returns to her stunning Virginia hometown to help her sister plan a Christmas wedding at the inn her family once owned. She must work with current owner and single dad David, who wants to let go of the past."
"A flight attendant teams up with a newspaper columnist to investigate how her late-parents first met."
"Traumatized by her mother's death, a 6-year-old girl stops talking but is cared for by her three uncles. The story unfolds as all of them find the importance of family."
"Resort developer Madison Lane (Finnigan) is tasked with finding a location for a new ski resort. While she's prepared to recommend the resort be placed in Mountain Park, her boss tells her to take a trip to Christmas, Colo., to consider the location and the incentive package they're offering. On her way into town to meet with the mayor, Madison has a minor fender-bender with the town's welcome sign. Town Sheriff Gage McBride (Mabius) gives Madison a ride into town so she can attend the meeting while the car is towed and repaired. Little does Madison know that the town is on a mission to convince Madison that Christmas is the best place for the new ski resort. While stranded, Madison grows to love the community and the spirit of Christmas that runs throughout. Is a resort really the right move for Christmas? Or would the town be better off keeping its charm and traditions intact?"
"Life is turned upside down for a small town mayor when a famous actress arrives to shoot her new Christmas movie."
"An injured figure skater is sent to the mountains to recover from an injury. Once there, she meets an ex-hockey player and his young daughter and begins to realize that something is missing from her life."
"Country singer Charlotte is home for the holidays and brother Ryan's fellow ex-soldier Matt is in town. Writing her new album, Charlotte works with Matt to build a house for a friend in town."
"Known for transforming fledgling businesses into moneymakers, executive Jazmin Carter returns to Harlem, N.Y., to celebrate Christmas in the neighborhood where she grew up."
"A single mom gets a holiday job as a department store Santa to help boost her finances, and then an angel enters her life and brings about some positive changes, including the spark of a new romance."
"When a restless young married woman is granted a wish by a Christmas Angel to be single again, she soon discovers her new life isn't what she bargained for, and embarks on a quest to win her husband back."
"A hotshot lawyer returns to her childhood home following a death in the family."
"Molly and Jared have sworn off partaking in holiday activities, but find themselves at a Christmas themed ranch with no flights available to leave. Eventually, they find romance, and the spirit of Christmas revived in them again."
"A small-town girl who moved to New York to pursue her dreams returns home for the holidays, only to realize that maybe her dreams aren't miles away, but right in her hometown."
"A single mother and her daughter try to help other military families after being inspired by their own difficulties and their efforts go viral."
"An ambitious store manager of a renowned retail flagship store must enlist the help of a struggling, single-father handyman to help her realize her dream of managing the company's first international store."
"Three suitors pursue a hopeless romantic after she makes a wish to find true love before Christmas"
"Sophie Bennett, the owner, tries to convince a developer that the lodge would be a bad investment."
"Grace is thrilled to be taking over the town's Christmas parade, but when the man playing St. Nick breaks his arm, she needs to find a replacement, even if the replacement is unwilling. Sophie Bennett, the owner, tries to convince a developer that the lodge would be a bad investment."
"A widow plans to give Christmas festivities a miss, as they bring back too many memories of her late husband."
"Cate's mom is setting up dates for her CEO daughter. When she meets Gabe a week before Christmas, she assumes, he's a date, but he's a corporate recovery consultant for her candy cane company. He's also single."
"Ally, a final contestant on a dating show, must face her high school sweetheart when she is chosen for the Hometown Date."
"A woman and her best friend think they landed the job of their dreams by giving people a great Christmas until they get a client who doesn't feel the same way."
"Princess Carly, working incognito at a ski resort, must team up with the owner's brother, Jesse, to plan the resort's 50th anniversary celebration."
"While planning an annual Christmas party, Peyton is forced together with Ben to care for a friend's daughter. While finding their Christmas spirit, will there be some romance along the way."
"Darcy is a career woman who hasn't found love, but her life turns upside down when she returns home to help her mother plan a charity event."
"A doctor returns home for Christmas to find that her father has decided to retire from his own practice. After reuniting with her high school sweetheart, she wonders if she should stay and take over her father's practice."
"A struggling actress earns the lead part in the production of 'A Christmas Carol', and falls in love with the director. But, the cast and crew need a Christmas miracle to save the show when the theater loses its lease."
"A New York City event planner travels home to Tennessee for the holidays and ends up working on the thirtieth anniversary Christmas event at Dollywood alongside the theme park's Director of Operations."
"When the beloved quartet of postal detectives discover an urgent letter written to God on Christmas Eve, they delay their own plans to help a little girl whose mother's life hangs in the balance."
"After a bad breakup, former Christmas lover Marie (Lowndes) loses her Christmas spirit. Trying to restore it, her mother sends Marie Christmas ornaments from her childhood, and a coincidental blessing follows each one. Marie's Christmas spirit gets another boost when she meets her handsome neighbor, Nate (Penny), and feels a spark with him while celebrating the season. When Marie's boss assigns her to edit the book of the man who caused her holiday heartache, however, the task resurfaces doubts from the past and even causes her to push Nate away. Feeling lost both at work and in love, Marie looks for a Christmas miracle to give her the confidence to pursue her work goals and to try to win Nate back. As Christmas approaches, Marie must follow her heart's passion - both at work and in love - and hope for one more blessing from her magical Christmas ornaments."
"A father struggles with the past. A daughter fights for the future. A mother searches for answers. The Boyajians have not celebrated Christmas in 11 years. They lost their faith when they lost their son to the Persian Gulf War. Now a stranger--around the same age their son would be--has joined them. Is he a con artist? Or is this young man the miracle their family has been waiting for? William Devane, Reagan Pasternak, and Dean McDermott star in a remarkable story of loss and renewal. This Christmas, a stranger will change them forever."
"Stephanie Nichols takes over the Christmas Shop, but a property developer has bought the building and is terminating the retail leases. She finds help and love from Michael Kilpatrick, who works for the developer."
"Riley lands herself a new job via a case of mistaken identity, and her first assignment is to accompany her new boss on a trip to save a failing toy factory."
"When Joan's (Bell) son's wedding planner unexpectedly quits, she must coordinate his Christmas eve wedding with the help of Beau (Deklin), the bride's uncle. As they work alongside eac"
"During the chaos of planning a Christmas festival and vying for the Top Winter Lodge Award, an innkeeper rekindles her love of music as well as her love for her former music partner."
"A put-upon teen finds himself reliving the same miserable Christmas day over and over again."
"After a woman unexpectedly loses her job, she must work at her family's Christmas-tree lot to make ends meet during the holiday season."
"A Teacher from Washington state decides to do a house swap with a Boston Professor to be able to surprise and spend Christmas with her daughter."
"Santa's elf (Summer Glau) helps a family (Eva La Rue, Dan Gauthier) during Christmastime."
"When a New England Christmas decorating competition searches for the town with the most Christmas spirit, the mayors of East and West Riverton go all out to get their towns to the top of the holiday heap."
"A department-store window decorator learns there is a vacancy for her dream job in the run-up to Christmas, only to find a professional rival has his eye on it too."
"Sean, who runs a New York City advertising agency, and Owen, a small-town handyman and musician, swap residences for the holidays. Mia, who works for Sean, helps Owen get settled into his new apartment while Ryan, sent by Owen to fix a broken heater, helps Sean find the charm of living in a small town. Owen, a fish-out-of-water in the big city, tries to flirt with Halo, an aspiring model/actress/singer who lives in the apartment building. One night after Mia has shown Owen around town, Halo sees him entering the elevator wearing clothes borrowed from Sean's closet. Thinking he's rich, Halo flirts back and sets up a date. Mia, however, warns him that she just thinks he has money because he's living in Sean's apartment and wearing Sean's clothes. On the day of the big date, Owen realizes who he really is and what he really wants in life. Meanwhile, Sean is falling in love with the local veterinarian, who happens to be harboring a big secret--or two. He's surprised when his ex-fiancee' appears on his doorstep, ready to accept his marriage proposal and move back to New York with him. This complicates Sean's blossoming relationship with the small-town girl who has told him that her career as a veterinarian relies on her staying where she is, and to simply enjoy their love while it lasts. On Christmas Eve, Sean invites Owen to come back for a special dinner, where a surprise awaits all of them."
"When a young businesswoman plays Mrs Claus at her family's department store over Christmas, her life begins to take some unexpected turns."
"At an ad agency, Melanie who loves Christmas, and Donovan who doesn't, are paired to make a Christmas ad for a cell phone. They also get to be each others secret Santa at the office and learn more about each other. Will it go beyond that?"
"Young widow Laura Trudeau was a remarkable dancer. As a project manager she is tasked with renovating a lodge in her hometown and have it ready by Christmas Eve. She is stunned it's the lodge where she and her former love performed."
"A writer seeks the identity of the person who helps grant wishes that are placed upon an angel tree, and in the process, reconnects with her childhood friend."
"A newlywed couple prepare to host their first family Christmas together, but things don't go according to plan."
"After a fatal car accident, Carrie must earn her way into heaven when she's assigned as a guardian angel to struggling restaurant owner, Scott, and his daughter, Abby."
"While on a last-minute European holiday, a young woman finds herself in the middle of a real-life fairy tale when a chance meeting with a handsome local leads to something more."
"Burned out from the hubbub of the Chicago gallery world, artist Kelly (Danica McKellar) returns home to the picturesque Grand Valley just in time for Christmas. Maybe her favorite town's shining season will reinvigorate her love of art and guide her down her next path. Leo (Brennan Elliott), businessman and all-star dad to his children, struggles to balance his time this holiday season. When he is assigned to review a hotel in Grand Valley for its value, he sees this as the perfect opportunity for a Christmas family vacation. It isn't long until Kelly and Leo's worlds collide. As Kelly re-experiences her favorite Grand Valley traditions with Leo and his children, she begins to find her way back to her passion for art."
"Two schoolteachers take their rivalry to a new level, while they scramble to win a holiday baking contest and the affections of a handsome single father."
"After she finally gets the chance to pen her very first article, an aspiring newspaper writer digs into her family history to find the perfect Christmas story."
"When a travel agent up for a promotion is directed to forget her tropical vacation and instead visit the world-famous Ice Hotel, she discovers that her sacrifices are more than compensated."
"When Jenny attends her sister's winter wedding at an ice hotel, her heart melts over the best man, the problem is he unexpectedly brings a "plus one," seemingly dashing her hopes for a wintery romance."
"When an urban family gets stranded in an impoverished lumber town two days before Christmas, they become involved in the town's home-grown Christmas pageant just in time for the holidays."
"Lizzie, a young piano teacher, helps Brad's teenage daughter learn music. As she begins to break through to the girl, sparks begin to fly with Brad, but she is shocked to find out that he may want to buy the school's property."
"Cheryl's been stuck as administrator the last five years. Visiting her family for Christmas, she magically travels five years back for a week, as she had wished, and gets a fresh start on her career and love life."
"A young woman must journey through the seasons to rescue her boyfriend who has been kidnapped by the evil Snow Queen."
"Tasked with penning a Christmas novel, a successful writer returns to her late-grandmother's home for a family reunion during the holiday season."
"A Hallmark Channel original movie. Candace has never lived up to her mom's standards. She's sent in her place to plan a Christmas party."
"Two single parents battle for control of the Christmas holiday at the middle school their children attend and learn a lesson about the meaning of Christmas."
"To get a big promotion, Hayley, an advertising executive who specializes in social media and all things hip, must land a toy company that is all about traditional Christmas as an account."
"An interim school superintendent finds herself in a tough spot when she is assigned to shut down a school's failing music program, and must come to terms with her musical past."
"A series of mishaps threaten a recently divorced mom's attempts to make her two kids' first Christmas without dad perfect."
"Bob Wallace makes sure to go all out every year on Christmas decorations so that he can have the brightest and most festive house in his neighborhood. This year, he notices that his new neighbor has put up an even brighter and more lavish display. The fight is on when they declare war for the best Christmas decoration display in the neighborhood. Stars Daniel Stern and Matt Frewer."
"When a teenage boy desperately needs a heart transplant on Christmas Eve, his family and neighbors' forty-year tradition of lining their quaint street with Christmas luminaries is put on hold. When his parents, Ann and Mike, pray for a donor on a stormy night, the neighbors suddenly realize their luminaries could have a deeper purpose."
"An aspiring novelist signs up for a week-long writing workshop at the Mistletoe Inn."
"Two news broadcasters who previously were in love fight for a position as a morning talk show host that they both want, ultimately finding what made them like each other so much in the first place."
"While on air, a TV personality accidentally admits she hates Christmas. When she goes to a small town to film a special to repair her image, the Christmas spirit begins to change her life."
"A wealthy and successful career woman gets a second chance in life when a magical wish transports her back in time eight years to when she walked away from her fiance to lead a business life in New York."
"With Christmas just weeks away, the architecture firm Taylor works for enters her in a contest in which the teams will design and build life-sized gingerbread houses. After the contest, Taylor will likely be getting a promotion to a position in another city. The firm teams her up with Annabelle, a renowned French pastry chef with whom Taylor instantly locks horns. When Annabelle backs out, Taylor stumbles into a local bakery and meets Adam, a baker and single dad. In an act of desperation, Taylor convinces Adam to partner with her for the contest, arguing that winning would give the bakery and his designs much-needed exposure. For years Taylor has been resistant to call anywhere 'home' for fear it will only be temporary. But the time she spends with Adam and his daughter in their cozy home, decorating for the holidays and exploring the town at Christmas, fills her with a longing for a place to call home."
"A party planner is tasked with mentoring her boss's nephew who is set to take over the business."
"Struggling with his work-life balance, a widowed father-of-two enlists the help of a professional organizer for the holiday seaso"
"Looking for a fresh angle on her new book on relationships, Merry heads to snow covered Vermont. She finds a new perspective and Christmas cheer with charismatic aid worker Chris"
"When Mackenzie inherits her aunt's once-majestic inn, she decides to sell it. But fixing up the rundown place is more challenging than she had anticipated. Then the magic of Christmas intervenes, with unexpected help from Santa's elves."
"In the story, Daniel's son Bobber needs extensive orthopedic surgery and months of intensive physical therapy to recover from being struck down by an automobile. Rodney Freeman, the young black man who Daniel took into his home and raised as another son, has become a famous writer and offers to fly Daniel and Bobber to San Francisco and to pay for the surgery. Once in San Francisco, Daniel meets and falls for Briony Adair, a physical rehabilitation specialist who will be working toward Bobber's recovery. When therapy progresses slowly, Bobber invites Briony to come home to Canaan to spend Christmas with the Burtons and continue his treatment. Briony is a natural at caring for a thriving family, but Sarah, Daniel's daughter distances herself not wanting to dishonor her late mother's memory, and a disastrous Christmas visit drives Daniel and Briony apart. In the soul searching that follows, Daniel finds the strength to open his heart again and invite love back into his life."
"When Belinda (Kim Shaw) heads back to her hometown for the holidays, things get complicated when she is forced to team up with her ex, Dustin (Kevin McGarry), at the town's annual Christmas scavenger hunt."
"Andy's family has built Rose Parade floats for generations. When her Dad gets sick, Andy's forced to supervise the construction and decoration of their client's float and deal with a demanding businessman whose company commissioned it."
"Hailee Anderson (AnnaLynne McCord), the famous talk show host, is preparing for the holiday season by working; she's planning her very important TV show, her Christmas special. Already a scrooge, Hailee is even more miserable when she finds out her real-estate fiancée Jason (Drew Scott) is cheating on her - on air. To clear her head, she goes on a drive and ends up in Carver Bend, Connecticut, unfortunately crashing through a local judge's fence. Forced to do community service, she helps out her rescuer Logan (Jefferson Brown), by building a float for the town's annual Christmas parade to help save the town's art center. While Hailee bonds with the locals, the art center kids, and grows closer to Logan, she re-learns why the holidays are important to spend with l"
"This year, Santa's daughter (Maria Thayer) takes her first trip away from the North Pole during the Christmas season hoping to find adventure and love in sunny California. While Santa watches his daughter through a magic snow globe, Annie arrives in L.A. and becomes friends with the owner of Candy Cane Inn, Lucy (Vivica A. Fox), and her daughter, Mia (Nay Nay Kirby). She also quickly lands a job at Wonderland Toys. Wonderland Toys' owner, Ted (Sam Page) is struggling to stay in business selling old-fashioned toys in a digital world. Annie soon realizes that she wants Ted's business to thrive because she has feelings for this Christmas traditionalist."
"Hunter Toys CEO Drake Hunter turned his father's company from a cozy quality manufacturer into a ruthless, profitable business. After denying his staff any festive generosity again, the scrooge is suddenly and magically transformed into Kris Krandall. That forces him to work as a Santa in Norm Dobson's toy store, with weird would be-actor Sebastian. Drake reassesses his values and priorities in life."
"A Guardian Angel, posing as an English teacher, helps a young woman find her way before Christmas."
"At Christmastime, a young businesswoman travels to her childhood home with the intention of selling it, but instead finds a renewed love for the holidays."
"It's Christmas Eve in Chicago and heartless tyrant publishing exec Carol is haunted by her dead ex boss, who's the ghost of Christmas past, present and future."
"After ten years, Mia hopes for a promotion to upper management in the store when the boss/owner wants to see her. But he wants her to show his son, Nick, the ropes. Mia's a widowed mom and Nick is single."
"Holly's world is turned upside down when her niece's wish to Santa Claus comes true and she cannot tell a lie. As her career and love life go into disarray, she must learn to judge between the truth and what is right."
"An ad exec for a fashion magazine lands her dream assignment to organize the perfect Christmas wedding. Just one thing. The photographer she's been partnered with is her ex-boyfriend. She's got to bring her A game, while working through unresolved feelings."
"A busy single mother begins organizing her city's Christmas parade. While prop hunting, she finds a beautiful sleigh that seems to have a mind of its own, and it begins nudging her back to an old flame."
"Erin is planning the town's Christmas celebration and must win over Kevin in order to get his spruce tree for the celebration."
"After stepping down as CEO of her dream job, Maddie (Lori Loughlin) heads home for the holidays to gain perspective. She runs into her high-school sweetheart Carter (Victor Webster), and tensions quickly arise. When forced to put together a Christmas dance for the local high school, Carter and Maddie put their differences aside and rediscover what made them fall in love all those years ago."
"Bert O'Reiley is a retired song and dance man who becomes an instant grandfather to the nine-year-old granddaughter he has never met."
"A young woman who left the year-round holiday party of 'Santaville' - where her dad reigns as the resident St. Nick - returns to find her father's business in dire straits."
"Because she is marrying the man who assumed the mantle of Santa Claus last December 26, Beth's postponed wedding has to be rescheduled for Christmas Eve. Overwhelmed by selling the house she and her son share, and the prospect of the duties of Mrs. Claus, she has to call on her estranged socialite Grinch of a mother to arrange the wedding. Of course her mom has never met the fiancé nor his family, and has no inkling of his secret. This is a sequel to 2004's Single Santa Seeks Mrs. Claus."
"DJ and Rodney don't like each other from the start. Rodney thinks DJ is an ignorant white farm boy, and DJ thinks Rodney acts too smart for his own good. After a school bus scuffle between the two, DJ's father and Rodney's grandmother come up with a clever solution that brings the boys closer than either of them would like. Living in Canaan, Texas in the 1960s does not make it easy for a black boy and a white boy to forge a friendship. It is only amid the magic of an unforgettable Christmas that DJ and Rodney discover a land of milk and honey where hope and love make all the difference."
"Emma is determined to keep her hometown's Christmas ice-sculpting contest going. She enlists sponsors and artists, but Nick, the town's ace artisan, isn't interested in competing until he sees what Emma has accomplished."
"A terminally unlucky single mother wonders if she will ever be lucky as Christmas approaches."
"Romance blossoms between two music teachers who compete for the same job."
"A women lands in a coma but realizes her spirit is awake, so she tries to communicate with people in her town and convinces them to change their minds about pending real-estate development in their community."
"Callie, an aspiring chef, with her childhood friend David, enters Callie into a club's annual Christmas ice sculpting competition against her boss. Callie's passions for cooking and ice sculpting are met with romance and Christmas spirit."
"A teenager has his Sitka Spruce tree chosen to be planted outside the White House as the new national Christmas Tree."
"An ego-maniacal TV talk show host is determined to destroy the festive fun in the studio."
"Anxious to help his struggling widowed mom, Sara, 10-year-old Jessie enters a national video contest. But Jessie's winning entry, 'All I Want for Christmas is a Husband for my Mom,' has unforeseen consequences as Sara is vaulted into the national spotlight and dazzled into accepting a proposal from a wealthy man she may not lov"
"Santa's son and successor is looking for a suitable Mrs. Claus before he can take over the family business."
"The story of An Old-Fashioned Thanksgiving continues. Isabella and Tilly pay a visit to Ireland, hoping Isabella's long-ago suitor, the Earl of Shannon, can assist Tilly in getting her writing published."
"When a temperamental Broadway director is fired from yet another job, she is forced to direct a community Christmas pageant."
"After sensing her husband is losing his Christmas spirit, Mrs. Claus travels to a place where she knows the spirit of Christmas still exists: New York City."
"Newlywed true lovers Jim and Della Young can barely afford moving into to their new apartment, especially when the second-hand car breaks down. They agree not to buy Chrismas presents that year, but each decide to do so secretly and earn extra cash at each's own hobby's expense to spoil the other in his. The sacrifices they make to obtain the items end up putting a strain on their marriage."
"A workaholic accountant is inspired to start a choir at a homeless shelter, allowing him to find a purpose to his life and discover the power of music, while providing the choir members with a chance at a new, better life."
"Santa Claus discovers children have become too greedy and must prove otherwise before his favorite holiday is canceled. Santa's mission is to teach two incorrigible children the importance of charity."
"Christmas in the charming town of Briar Falls will be bittersweet this year when architect Nell (Hinton) goes back to her hometown having been given the job of turning the historic Majestic Playhouse into a modern multiplex, much to the town's objections. The Playhouse has been home to their annual Christmas tableaux, which will now have to end after a long and historic tradition to the town. This job is Nell's first promotion, and one she wishes she hadn't been chosen for, especially when she meets the new owner of the theater, Connor (Vincent), whose vision and ideas clash with Nell's. Since Connor hasn't had much experience celebrating Christmas, Nell hopes that if she can give him a crash course in Christmas during the town's Twelve Day Festival, that he might just change his mind about modernizing the Majestic."
"Mariah invites us to celebrate Christmas with her and her friends, and performs some classic Christmas songs."
"A lawyer finds himself defending Santa Claus in the biggest trial in history."
"When Santa sets off on his Christmas duties a day early, crashes into the Fox family's house, ends up with amnesia and loses his magic sack of presents, he needs help! But the Fox family are a modern and broken family. Can they help him? The parents are preoccupied with work and the kids aren't very festive. But it's up to them to help Santa find his magical bag of toys and the clock is ticking or Christmas will be ruined. Forced to set their own problems aside and work together the Fox family rediscover how much they enjoy being together and realise that maybe they need to reprioritise their lives. The Night Before The Night Before Christmas is a crazy Christmas fantasy for all the family, brimming with festive spirit."
"The Mitchell brothers compete to see who can create the best Christmas House."
"When a pair of feuding colleagues, Kyle and Jenna are thrown together after their siblings, Jim and Trisha fall in love, they have to learn to get along in time for their nephew's birth on Christmas. Realizing Jim and Trisha have major money troubles, Kyle and Jenna band together to help and end up on a snowy New York adventure that will prove miracles really do happen at Christmas."
"A married couple takes in three boys from the local orphanage for the holidays and all three boys hope to be adopted."
"A magazine journalist who no longer celebrates Christmas visits the quaint town of Mistletoe to blog about an inspirational - albeit questionably delusional - man who parades around pretending to be the real Santa Claus."
"To make the 100th anniversary of her hometown's Victorian festival a success, Cassie invites action movie star and former high school classmate Jake to play in A Christmas Carol."
"In 'Jingle & Bell,' Jingle the Husky Pup and his buddy Andrew meet some new friends. A girl Andrew's age, Sofia, and her Husky pup, Bell, have moved from sunny Palm City to Pineville weeks before Christmas. With no friends yet and not knowing what to expect, Sofia and Bell's world is upside down and it looks like it might be the worst Christmas ever. But with a little help from Jingle and Andrew, Sofia and Bell will soon discover that Christmas joy isn't about where you are -- it's about who you are with!"
"In the tale, an unnamed narrator pieces together the story of an area known by the locals as the "blasted heath" in the hills west of the fictional town of Arkham, Massachusetts. The narrator discovers that many years ago a meteorite crashed there, poisoning every living being nearby; vegetation grows large but foul-tasting, animals are driven mad and deformed into grotesque shapes, and the people go insane or die one by one."
"In the tale, an unnamed narrator relates the story of how a law forbidding the killing of cats came to be in a town called Ulthar. As the narrative goes, the city is home to an old couple who enjoy capturing and killing the townspeople's cats. When a caravan of wanderers passes through the city, the kitten of an orphan (Menes) traveling with the band disappears. Upon hearing of the couple's violent acts towards cats, Menes invokes a prayer before leaving town that causes the local felines to swarm the cat-killers' house and devour them. Upon witnessing the result, the local politicians pass a law forbidding the killing of cats."
"The unnamed narrator of the story goes into the middle of the Arabian Peninsula to seek out and enter a lost city. After hearing a clanging seemingly coming from deep inside the earth, the narrator inspects mysterious carvings and ruins until nightfall. "
"The narrator recounts his history with the title character, who has recently disappeared. As a medical student at Miskatonic University, the narrator becomes fascinated by West's theories, which postulate that the human body is simply a complex, organic machine which can be "restarted." West eventually realizes he must experiment on human subjects. The two men spirit away supplies from their medical school and set up their lab in an abandoned farmhouse. "
"The story begins by describing how the modern world has been stripped of imagination and belief in magic. The protagonist is an unnamed man who lives in a dull and ugly city. Every night for many years the man gazes from his window upon the stars, until he comes over time to observe secret vistas unsuspected by normal humanity. One night the gulf between his world and the stars is bridged, and his mind ascends from his body out unto the boundless cosmos."
"In his dreams, Randolph Carter sees a majestic city, but is unable to approach it. After the third time the city appears in his dreams, his longing to reach the city reaches its peak. He prays to the gods of dream to reveal the city's whereabouts, but then the city vanishes from his dreams altogether. Undaunted, Carter resolves to beseech the gods in person at Kadath, the mountain above which the gods of dream live. In dream, Carter consults priests in a temple that borders the Dreamlands. They tell Carter that nobody knows the location of Kadath, and warn him of great danger and suggest that the gods purposefully stopped his visions."
"The unnamed narrator of the story opens with a lengthy commentary on the nature and practice of analytical reasoning, then describes the circumstances under which he first met Dupin during an extended visit to Paris. The two share rooms in a dilapidated old mansion and allow no visitors, having cut off all contact with past acquaintances and venturing outside only at night. "We existed within ourselves alone," the narrator states. One evening, Dupin demonstrates his analytical prowess by deducing the narrator's thoughts about a particular stage actor, based on clues gathered from the narrator's previous words and actions."
"The story begins with the unnamed narrator arriving at the house of his friend, Roderick Usher, having received a letter from him in a distant part of the country complaining of an illness and asking for his help. As he arrives, the narrator notices a thin crack extending from the roof, down the front of the house and into the adjacent tarn, or lake."
"The old man, with whom the narrator lives, has a clouded, pale, blue "vulture-like" eye, which distresses and manipulates the narrator so much that the narrator plots to murder the old man, despite also insisting that the narrator loves the old man. The narrator is insistent that this careful precision in committing the murder proves that they cannot possibly be insane. For seven nights, the narrator opens the door of the old man's room to shine a sliver of light onto the "evil eye." However, the old man's vulture-eye is always closed, making it impossible to "do the work," thus making the narrator go further into distress."
"The story takes place at the castellated abbey of the "happy and dauntless and sagacious" Prince Prospero. Prospero and 1,000 other nobles have taken refuge in this walled abbey to escape the Red Death, a terrible plague with gruesome symptoms that has swept over the land. Victims are overcome by "sharp pains", "sudden dizziness", and "profuse bleeding at the pores", and die within half an hour. Prospero and his court are indifferent to the sufferings of the population at large; they intend to await the end of the plague in luxury and safety behind the walls of their secure refuge, having welded the doors shut."
